My name is Shake-Zula,
the Mic Rula
The old schooler
You want to trip?
l'll bring it to you
Frylock, and l'm on top,
rock you like a cop
Meatwad, you're up next
with your knock-knock
Meatwad make the money, see?
Meatwad get the honeys, "G"
Drivin' in my car,
livin' like a star
lce on my fingers and my toes,
and l'm a Taurus
Unh, check, check it, yeah
'Cause we are the Aqua Teens
Make the homies say "ho!"
and the girlies want to scream
'Cause we are the Aqua Teens
Make the homies say "ho!"
and the girlies want to scream
Aqua Teen Hunger Force
Number one in the hood, "G"
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Whoa!
That was smokin'.
That was on fire.
That riff burned down the town,
man.
Hey, you too... you can learn
the secrets of recorder, man.
Every vagina on Earth
will be yours.
That's right.
lncluded in your kit is a
recorder, instructional DVD,
banana nut massage oil, man,
and you get five pages
of sheet music.
Play all your favorite soft rock
hits and get you some tonight.
Oh, yeah.
Tonight!
You got a package here, Carl.
Yeah, Carl, it's true.
You got a package out here.
lf l can open it and play with
whatever is in it,
please stay quiet.
Thank you.
Give me that.
What'd you get, Carl?
You get you a hot dog?
Yeah, l ordered a hot dog
through the mail.
Well, hot dang diggity.
You gonna give me some?
Oh, yeah, l'll give you
the whole thing
when it comes
out the other end.
He said he's gonna
give me some hot dog.
Which you will
split with me
after l determine which
half is bigger,
for you have been known
to rook me.
That wasn't a hot dog.
l shook it.
Only processed meat makes
that sound.
Meat make this sound, too.
Ohh!
Oh, no, Meatwad.
No, you didn't.
That was a little one.
Hang on.
Oh, yeah.
Damn.
Jeez, look at that.
The stoop melted.
All right.
You bought the kit.
Cool.
Now, first things first, you rip
those pants off like an ape.
All right,
you conquered step one.
Step two... put the recorder to
your lips, man.
Put them in there like this.
That's where the brains are.
You got to think to play
recorder.
Wait a minute.
Relax, guy.
Those are just wires.
Let them do their thing, man.
They're not hassling you, right?
This is America...
home of the eagle.
Okay, step four... you should
not have bought this recorder.
The recorder is not for
everyone.
You might have a pre-existing
condition
where it's like you're
allergic to recorders.
l'm serious, man.
You are stupid.
Put this on... and play.
Play for me!
"You have lost a kidney.
Move back three spaces."
You get that
card every time.
Damn.
Okay, your roll.
l love family night.
What is that?
Some girl
begging for my body.
That's not a woman.
How can you even tell
it's a woman?
lt sounds like a flute or
something.
l only date women.
Yeah, right,
but what's your point?
l never had one.
And that drives you crazy,
doesn't it?
Huh.
That's kind of weird.
Yeah, that is weird.
l'm gonna go join them.
Damn it.
Carl ordered that kit.
He's gonna score more than l do,
and l've been saving up for
that.
There's only one of them in
existence... probably.
Uh, Carl, who's your friend?
Please do not speak
to the musician.
l am Hoppy Bunny,
and he is here to entertain.
Help me.
Huh?
What's that, Carl?
Help me.
- l-l can't make... what?
Carl, what are you saying?
Help me.
That's right.
Help him out, y'all.
Put your hands together,
let him know you love the music.
When l say "uh, "
y'all go, "oh, yeah."
Ready?
We do a practice run. Ready?
Uh.
Uh. You're not doing it.
Come on, do it.
Uh.
Where you going?
You going inside?
Don't close the door.
Uh.
Where's the bathroom?
We don't have a bathroom.
Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter.
Never mind.
Shake, what the hell
are all these people doing
dressed like animals
on the lawn?
l don't know.
They paid me to park,
not freaking loiter.
Park?
Yes, park.
lt's English.
lt means "to put your car at rest
at a public or private area."
And how much did you charge?
For parking or
for cigarettes?
Cigarettes?
You sold them my cigarettes?
What?
You said you quit.
Look, l'm dealing with a lot of
bull right now at work, okay,
and l kind of need it to get me
through this hump.
Buddy, l know what you mean.
l'm running a parking business
in our house,
and let me tell you,
that's damn stressful.
What do you mean "in our house"?
Not the house, in your room...
or as it is now known,
level C-4 promenade.
Damn it.
Everybody in the house say "uh."
Uh!
- Uh, uh.
Oh, yeah!
Uh, uh, uh, uh.
Meatwad, l don't think you need to be
hanging out with these...
furry people.
You need to go inside.
But if l go inside now,
l can't be going "uh" and
everybody go "oh, yeah."
Oh, yeah!
- That one didn't count, y'all.
Now l'm doing it.
Uh.
Oh, yeah!
You need to get the
hell off me.
Yeah, don't be hugging
that unicorn.
He gets, like, inappropriate.
And that wet spot keeps growing
on him, man.
You're a newbie.
l'd start out with the frog or
the bumblebee or the tadpole.
Work your way up to the unicorn.
Okay, okay.
Where the hell is Hoppy Bunny?
Oh, he's in the
pleasure chamber.
He's not to be disturbed.
Pleasure cha...
Well, l'll tell you what,
he's about to be very disturbed.
Well, just clamp the main
artery,
and l'll be there as
soon as l can.
Look, it's standard
brain-replacement surgery.
l do them in my sleep.
What do you mean,
what am l doing?
l'm getting my groove on.
l have a life outside
of brain surgery.
That's just what l do for a
living.
lt doesn't define me.
lt doesn't make me a bad
surgeon.
Oh, but furry bunny hands make
me a bad surgeon?
lt may be weird to you,
but it is my religion.
Oh, um.
What the hell do you want?
What have you done
to Carl?
We've unleashed him!
You know you want a piece.
A piece?
A piece of what?
A piece of the animal.
The wires go all the way into
his body.
lt controls him.
He'll die without it.
Get that thing out of him.
No!
Carl.
Carl, stand still.
Carl, please stop prancing
around.
Carl, stand still.
Uh.
Don't dance over there.
Get off of that.
Meatwad.
This is a delicate procedure here.
l'm trying to X-ray Carl.
Will you please stop with the
"uh" and the "oh, yeah"?
lt's a delicate procedure.
- Oh, yeah!
l need quiet here.
Just take them down the hall.
All right. All right. All right.
Let's go down the hall.
Uh.
- Oh, yeah!
What's going on?
- Shake!
Dy-no-mite!
l love that.
Look at this, Shake.
lt appears that
the recorder has fused
with every organ in his body.
lt seems to be controlling his
every action.
l can cure him
with my healing stick.
No.
- Put that away.
You know l'm a gangster, "G."
You just won't admit
it 'cause Styrone
won't let you into the club.
You got to have ice water in
your veins.
Follow me.
- Wait a minute, Shake, Shake.
He's trying to tell us
something.
You're...
you're, uh...
you're happy that the city
repaved the roads?
No, no, it's not that.
- Get a car.
He wants a car to come.
He's trying to kill himself.
Naw, naw, naw.
He's happy with the repaving.
These are brand-new roads.
Carl, if that's what
you want...
let's do this quickly.
Do it, do it!
Hmm.
lt's not loaded.
There's gum in the barrel.
- Come on.
l could have been killed
in that liquor store.
What liquor store?
Shh.
Yes, uh,
leaving a message for Styrone.
Uh, the gun you sold me...
no bullets in it.
ls this your idea of kicking it
real, huh?
'Cause it's not very real to me.
You better text me, dawg,
and explain this.
He usually is good about getting
right back to you.
Look...
He's probably
gonna call back right now.
l do not have time for this, Shake.
Well please tell me
what you do have time for.
Ahh! Yeah, man.
Oh, yeah, that's the spot.
Stress knots all over here.
Oh, yeah.
That feels good.
Oh, yeah, yeah, right there.
Eh, l shouldn't get so worked up
about everything, you know?
l know.
You can't be there every time
Carl makes a bad decision.
You got to live your own life.
l know.
l know, but it's just...
he's so stupid, you know?
Oh, that was Carl.
Naw, naw naw.
We're talking about you right
now...
and the jewel.
Ow! Shake, no!
The jewel is mine!
l have the power
of a thousand suns!
l'll go $20 on this.
$12... that's the best l can do.
All right, how about $20?
How about $12?
You're killing me here.
All right.
Tell you what...
l'll go $20.
Tell you what, l'll go $12.
How about that
boom box back there?
That's an A.M.
transistor radio.
But it will play cassettes,
right, and the MP3s?
l don't know.
Yeah, it does.
Can you throw that in?
Okay, sure.
Yes!
You got a deal, sucker!
l can finally start my deejay
business.
l think my back is infected.
Oh, it's always
about you.
Well, l am working weddings now,
and l am extremely motivated.
What about Carl, y'all?
Hmm, almost forgot.
His tape collection...
get it!
Hey, check it out.
l got the power
of a thousand suns.
Dancing is forbidden
D-d-dancing is forbidden
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org